chore: deprecate cancel events in favor of the american notation (#1187)
projectcaluma/caluma: docs/events.md

## @on

`@on` is just a wrapper for `django.dispatch.receiver` that handles

> deprecations of Calumas custom events as well.

Reviewer: I'd consider not stating the exact differences between `@on` and `@receiver`.

Reviewer 2: Fixed

Author: Done

| `skipped_work_item`   | `SkipWorkItem`                                                    | `work_item`, `user`, `context` |
| `suspended_work_item` | `SuspendWorkItem`                                                 | `work_item`, `user`, `context` |
| `resumed_work_item`   | `ResumeWorkItem`                                                  | `work_item`, `user`, `context` |
| `created_case`        | `SaveCase`, `StartCase`                                           | `case`, `user`, `context`      |
| `completed_case`      | `CompleteWorkItem`                                                | `case`, `user`, `context`      |
| `canceled_case`       | `CancelCase`                                                      | `case`, `user`, `context`      |
| `suspended_case`      | `SuspendCase`                                                     | `case`, `user`, `context`      |
| `resumed_case`        | `ResumeCase`                                                      | `case`, `user`, `context`      |

### Deprecated events

Those events will be removed in the next major release since they were

> replaced by their equivalent in the british notation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
replaced by their equivalent spelling in american english.
```
